                         The Ada Community License

                      Copyright(C) 1997 David G. Weller

          Permission to redistribute in unmodified form is granted,
                         all other rights reserved.

            This is a modification of the Perl Artistic License,
                          (c)1989-1991, Larry Wall

        ------------------------------------------------------------

                                  Preamble

           The intent of this document is to state the conditions
          under which the Ada library may be copied, such that the
            Copyright Holder maintains some semblance of artistic
          control over its development, while giving Ada users the
              right to use and distribute the Ada library in a
           more-or-less customary fashion, plus the right to make
                          reasonable modifications.

                                Definitions:

                              Refers to the collection of Ada
                              source files distributed by the
              "Library"       Copyright Holder, and derivatives of
                              that collection of files created
                              through textual modification.

                              Refers to such a library if it has
          "Standard Version"  not been modified, or has been
                              modified as specified below.

          "Copyright Holder"  Is whoever is named in the copyright
                              or copyrights for the Ada library.

                "You"         Is you, if you're thinking about
                              copying or distributing this library.

                              Is whatever you can justify on the
                              basis of media cost, duplication
                              charges, time of people involved, and
         "Reasonable Copying  so on. (You will not be required to
                 Fee"         justify it to the Copyright Holder,
                              but only to the computing community
                              at large as a market that must bear
                              the fee.)

                              Means that no fee is charged for the
                              item itself, though there may be fees
          "Freely Available"  involved in handling the item. It
                              also means that recipients of the
                              item may redistribute it under the
                              same conditions they received it.

                                 Provisions:
         1  You may make and give away verbatim copies of the
            source form of the Standard Version of this Ada library
            without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of
            the original copyright notices and associated
            disclaimers.

         2  You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other
            modifications derived from the Public Domain or from
            the Copyright Holder. A library modified in such a way
            shall still be considered the Standard Version.

         3  You may otherwise modify your copy of this Ada library
            in any way, provided that you insert a prominent notice
            in each changed file stating how and when you changed
            that file, and provided that you do at least ONE of the
            following:

         a) Place your modifications in the Public Domain or
            otherwise make them Freely Available, such as by
            posting said modifications to Usenet or an equivalent
            medium, or placing the modifications on a major archive
            site such as The Public Ada Library, or by allowing the
            Copyright Holder to include your modifications in the
            Standard Version of the Ada library.

         b) Use the modified Ada library only within your
            corporation or organization.

         c) Rename any non-standard executables so the names do not
            conflict with standard executables, which must also be
            provided, and provide a separate manual page for each
            non-standard executable that clearly documents how it
            differs from the Standard Version.

         d) Make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright
            Holder.

         4  You may distribute the programs of this Ada library in
            object code or executable form, provided that you do at
            least ONE of the following:

         a) Distribute a Standard Version of the executables and
            library files, together with instructions (in the
            manual page or equivalent) on where to get the Standard
            Version.

         b) Accompany the distribution with the machine-readable
            source of the Ada library with your modifications.
            Accompany any non-standard executables with their

         c) corresponding Standard Version executables, giving the
            non-standard executables non-standard names, and
            clearly documenting the differences in manual pages (or
            equivalent), together with instructions on where to get
            the Standard Version.

         d) Make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright
            Holder.

         5  You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any
            distribution of this Ada library. You may charge any
            fee you choose for support of this Ada library. You may
            not charge a fee for this Ada library itself. However,
            you may distribute this Ada library in aggregate with
            other (possibly commercial) programs as part of a
            larger (possibly commercial) software distribution
            provided that you do not advertise this Ada library as
            a product of your own.

         6  The scripts and library files supplied as input to or
            produced as output from the programs of this Ada
            library do not automatically fall under the copyright
            of this Ada library, but belong to whomever generated
            them, and may be sold commercially, and may be
            aggregated with this Ada library.

         7  System-level subroutines supplied by you and linked
            into this Ada library in order to emulate the
            functionality defined by this Ada library shall not be
            considered part of this Ada library, but are the
            equivalent of input as in Paragraph 6, provided these
            subroutines do not change the library in any way that
            would cause it to fail the regression tests for the
            library.

         8  The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to
            endorse or promote products derived from this software
            without specific prior written permission.

         9  THIS ADA LIBRARY IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY
            EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
            LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY
            AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

               How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries

  To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library. It is
 safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
  convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the
 "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found. Also, be
 sure to add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

                               Copyright (C)

           This program is free software; you can redistribute it
           and/or modify it under the terms of the "Ada Community
                   License" which comes with this Library.
           This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
         useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
           warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
          PURPOSE. See the Ada Community License for more details.
            You should have received a copy of the Ada Community
         License with this library, in the file named "Ada Community
         License" or "ACL". If not, contact the author of this library 
				for a copy.
